Add description text to documentation (#393)
NetaM-OSC/NetAM: docs/index.md

# NetAM Documentation
Here you can find documentation about Network Address Manager a.k.a. NetAM.

## Description
NetAM is a software built on a bundle of network oriented tools.

NetAM can also be used as IPAM (IP Address Manager). 

> You can create Section and schedule scan (Ping, TCP or UDP) for your section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create sections and schedule scans (Ping, TCP or UDP) for your sections.
```

> You can request free ip address for any section and manage network range usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can request for a free ip address for any section and manage network range usage.
```

> To manage every type of network, you can define VLAN identifier on Section (by default 1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage any type of network architecture, you can define a VLAN identifier on each section (by default 1).
```

> In addition, you can create and visualise rackspace usage in NetAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can create and visualize rackspace usage in NetAM.
```

> NetAM provide on option to run scan worker individually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetAM provides an option to run scan worker individually. 
```

> With this option you can sharding your scan load and increase VLAN isolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this option you can split your scan load and increase VLAN isolation.
```
